Fixed #32670 -- Allowed GDALRasters to use any GDAL virtual filesystem. (#14268)
django/django: docs/ref/contrib/gis/gdal.txt

    raster should be opened in write mode. For newly-created rasters, the second
    parameter is ignored and the new raster is always created in write mode.

    The first parameter can take three forms: a string representing a file path
    (filesystem or GDAL virtual filesystem), a dictionary with values defining

>     a new raster, or a bytes object representing a raster file.

Reviewer: Maybe add an example. The VSI functionality has gained significant traction lately, so adding an example might be relevant.

Author: Thanks @yellowcap , as suggested by @felixxm I'll update the docs in [Using GDALs virtual filesystem](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.2/ref/contrib/gis/gdal/#using-gdal-s-virtual-filesystem), so instead of just pointing it out in a small parentheses I think I'll add two subsections there.

* In Memory Raster -> driver=Mem, current documentation.
* Other virtual filesystems -> not specifically supported via driver but just sending the vsi paths. Some examples and maybe a link to the GDAL documentation

Reviewer: Sounds good!

Using GDAL's Virtual Filesystem
-------------------------------

GDAL can access files stored in the filesystem, but also supports virtual
filesystems to abstract accessing other kind of files, such as compressed,
encrypted, or remote files.

> Using ``/vsimem/`` Virtual Filesystem
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 2: Maybe:
```suggestion
Using memory-based Virtual Filesystem
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

    ... })
    >>> HttpResponse(rast.vsi_buffer, 'image/tiff')

Using other Virtual Filesystems
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Depending on the local build of GDAL other virtual filesystems might be
> supported and can be used by prepending the provided path with the appropriate
> ``/vsi*/`` prefix.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Depending on the local build of GDAL other virtual filesystems may be
supported. You can use them by prepending the provided path with the
appropriate ``/vsi*/`` prefix.
```

.. warning:

    Rasters with names starting with `/vsi*/` will be treated as rasters from
    the GDAL virtual filesystems. Django doesn't perform any extra validation.

The following sections provide some examples on how to use ``vsi*``
filesystems, a full reference of each filesystem, alongside possible GDAL
configuration options, can be found in `GDAL Virtual Filesystems
documentation.`__

> __ https://gdal.org/user/virtual_file_systems.html

Reviewer 2: I would change this paragraph to a short note and move it before a warning
```
...
appropriate ``/vsi*/`` prefix. See the
`GDAL Virtual Filesystems documentation`_ for more details.

.. warning:

    Rasters with names starting with `/vsi*/` will be treated as rasters from
    the GDAL virtual filesystems. Django doesn't perform any extra validation.

...

.. `GDAL Virtual Filesystems documentation`: https://gdal.org/user/virtual_file_systems.html
```

Compressed rasters
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Instead decompressing the file and instantiating the resulting raster, GDAL can

> directly access compressed files using the ``/vsizip/``, ``/vsitar/`` or

Reviewer 2: Comma is missing before 'or'/'and' (see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serial_comma).
```suggestion
directly access compressed files using the ``/vsizip/``, ``/vsitar/``, or
```

> ``/vsigz/`` virtual filesystems::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``/vsigzip/`` virtual filesystems::
```

   >>> from django.contrib.gis.gdal import GDALRaster
   >>> rst = GDALRaster('/vsizip/path/to/your/file.zip/path/to/raster.tif')
   >>> rst = GDALRaster('/vsitar/path/to/your/file.tar/path/to/raster.tif')
   >>> rst = GDALRaster('/vsigzip/path/to/your/file.gz')

Network rasters
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

GDAL can support online resources and storage providers transparently. As
long as it's built with such capabilities.

To access a public raster file with no authentication, use ``/vsicurl/``::

>    # Read a remote raster by using /vsicurl/ virtual filesystem

Reviewer 2: I would chop these comments.

   >>> from django.contrib.gis.gdal import GDALRaster

>    >>> rst = GDALRaster("/vsicurl/http://example.com/raster.tif")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   >>> rst = GDALRaster('/vsicurl/http://example.com/raster.tif')
```

   # The name starts with /vsicurl. This raster was read from network
   >>> rst.name

>    '/vsicurl/http://example.com/raster.tif

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   '/vsicurl/http://example.com/raster.tif'
```

For commercial storage providers the system should be previously configured for
authentication and possibly other settings. Refer to `GDAL Virtual Filesystems
documentation.`__ for each virtual filesystem specific options. Once
configured, access to the rasters is the same as any other remote raster::

   # Access to a raster in Amazon's S3 cloud store
   >>> from django.contrib.gis.gdal import GDALRaster
   >>> rst = GDALRaster(f"/vsis3/path/to/raster.tif")
   # The name starts with /vsicurl. This raster was read from network
   >>> rst.name

> __ https://gdal.org/user/virtual_file_systems.html

Reviewer 2: I think it's too details, folks can always check the GDAL docs for more details. I would limit this to few examples, e.g.
```
Network rasters
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

GDAL can support online resources and storage providers transparently. As
long as it's built with such capabilities.

To access a public raster file with no authentication, you can use
``/vsicurl/``::

   >>> from django.contrib.gis.gdal import GDALRaster
   >>> rst = GDALRaster('/vsicurl/http://example.com/raster.tif')
   >>> rst.name
   '/vsicurl/http://example.com/raster.tif'

For commercial storage providers (e.g. ``/vsis3``) the system should be
previously configured for authentication and possibly other settings (see
the `GDAL Virtual Filesystems documentation`_ for available options).

.. _`GDAL Virtual Filesystems documentation`: https://gdal.org/user/virtual_file_systems.html
```
